The Chronicle Ricky Zililo
ZIMBABWE Cricket grounds curator Fungai Shanganya has declared Queens Sports Club ready for a busy schedule that will see the venue playing host to two international matches before the end of the year. Queens Sports Club, home to Matabeleland Tuskers Cricket Franchise will handle domestic matches as well. The franchise cricket season starts on October 6, a week before Zimbabwe takes on Afghanistan in five one day games and two Twenty20 matches at Bulawayo’s ceremonial home of cricket, Queens Sports Club. Afghanistan who were in the country last year in July are scheduled to arrive in Bulawayo on October 13 for a three week visit to participate in limited-overs just like they did in the previous tour. Dates for the Zimbabwe and Afghanistan one day matches are October 16, 18, 20, 22 and 24. Afghanistan will then have a two-day rest before playing the first Twenty20 game on October 27 and wrap up their visit to Bulawayo two days later with last Twenty20 encounter. Soon after Afghanistan’s departure, Bangladesh are scheduled to arrive in Bulawayo for a three-week tour on October 31 which will see them competing in three One Day Internationals and two four-dayers. Bangladesh will play the first of the three ODIs on November 3. Two days later they will play the second ODI with the last set for November 7. After playing the ODIs, Zimbabwe and Bangladesh will battle it out in two four-dayers which will be played on November 10-13 and November 17-20. Shanganya said he is waiting for the national team to give him specifications on what kind of wicket they want. “Queens Sports Club has always been ready for international games and as it is we just finished laying fertilizers at the nets. We’re done with the wickets and now we’re waiting for the national team to let us know whether they want a fast or slow wicket. We’re also waiting for them to tell us whether they want a heavy field or not so that we know when to cut the grass,” said Shanganya. Cabinets have been mounted in the dressing rooms as part of refurbishments done to meet international standards. The ZC grounds curator said they are also rounding up work at the Bulawayo Athletic Club (BAC) which will be used for warm-up games.