The Chronicle Ricky Zililo Senior Sports Reporter
THE Heath Streak Multi-Sports Academy yesterday launched a partnership with Bulawayo schools in a bid to identify and nurture more cricket talent.It is a grassroots approach that they are hopeful will bear positive fruits and have a wider base of participation at elementary level. The academy is targeting mostly schools in the western suburbs where cricket has not been very active. This initiative is part of the “My dream, my vision” and will see all Bulawayo schools – 131 primary and 53 secondary schools standing an equal chance of getting a branded cricket kit upon selling 1,000 raffle tickets worth a dollar each. A lucky purchaser of a raffle ticket stands a chance to win a car on May 25 at a draw to be conducted at the Heath Streak Multi-Sports Academy. Joseph Rego, the Heath Streak Multi-Sports Academy chief executive officer said they are bent on “revolutionising cricket in the country” through the initiative. Rego is ecstatic that they have received the green light from the Bulawayo provincial education director Dan Moyo to launch their new programme. “The success of ‘My vision, my dream’ project is in the tremendous support that we’re getting from the corporate world, schools and other cricket lovers. Our dream is to help develop and spread cricket across Zimbabwe starting with schools in and around Bulawayo. This new project will see schools who manage to sell 1,000 raffle tickets rewarded with cricket equipment worth over $1,000,” Rego said. “We’re glad to be launching this project at a time when the ICC World Cup is about to start and we hope to ride on the hype created by the global cricket showpiece. The person who will win the car will also win a branded kit for a school of his choice as well as 12 coaching clinics for that school.” The academy will also conduct workshops for schools’ coaches so as to equip them with proper techniques to pass onto their pupils. Already, 20 schools are benefitting from the Heath Streak Multi-Sports Academy’s Corporate Cricket League which sourced cricket equipment on their behalf from companies. Ten primary schools – Robert Tredgold, Carmel, Mgiqika, Lobengula, Zulukandaba, Gampu, Manondwana, Milton, Mawaba and King George VI are being sponsored by Radar Metal Industries, Kershelmar Dairies, Shield Security, NetOne, Holiday Inn, Wholesale Beef, Bonsa Hillside, Choppies and Rohan Sports who have adopted the schools. The high schools which are sponsored by Radar Metal Industries, Dube Holdings, Choppies, Steward Bank, Fawcetts Security, Bathroom Boutique, Megafest Holdings, Tilus and JR Goddard Construction are Founders, Magwegwe, Nkulumane, Ihlathi, Pumula, Sobukhazi, Masotsha, Mzilikazi, Sizane and Hamilton. Moyo hailed the academy’s concept of grassroots development and is hopeful that it will produce national team stars. “Schools are a fundamental base for sport development and we’re happy as a province to have an institution like the Heath Streak Academy who are keen on developing and spreading the sport to all areas, especially those schools where the sport was alien. They’re going to train our teachers who interact with the kids on daily basis and I’m sure one day we will be able to see some of the kids earning an honest living through cricket,” said Moyo. 